README.md, before:

# Infrageni

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ Your new, shiny [Nx workspace](https://nx.dev) is almost ready ✨.

[Learn more about this workspace setup and its capabilities](https://nx.dev/nx-api/js?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects) or run `npx nx graph` to visually explore what was created. Now, let's get you up to speed!

## Finish your CI setup

[Click here to finish setting up your workspace!](https://cloud.nx.app/connect/R55n0Z17p7)


## Generate a library

```sh
npx nx g @nx/js:lib packages/pkg1 --publishable --importPath=@my-org/pkg1
```

## Run tasks

To build the library use:

```sh
npx nx build pkg1
```

To run any task with Nx use:

```sh
npx nx <target> <project-name>
```

These targets are either [inferred automatically](https://nx.dev/concepts/inferred-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) or defined in the `project.json` or `package.json` files.

[More about running tasks in the docs &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/run-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Versioning and releasing

To version and release the library use

```
npx nx release
```

Pass `--dry-run` to see what would happen without actually releasing the library.

[Learn more about Nx release &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Keep TypeScript project references up to date

Nx automatically updates TypeScript [project references](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/project-references.html) in `tsconfig.json` files to ensure they remain accurate based on your project dependencies (`import` or `require` statements). This sync is automatically done when running tasks such as `build` or `typecheck`, which require updated references to function correctly.

To manually trigger the process to sync the project graph dependencies information to the TypeScript project references, run the following command:

```sh
npx nx sync
```

You can enforce that the TypeScript project references are always in the correct state when running in CI by adding a step to your CI job configuration that runs the following command:

```sh
npx nx sync:check
```

[Learn more about nx sync](https://nx.dev/reference/nx-commands#sync)


[Learn more about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx#ready-get-started-with-your-provider?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Install Nx Console

Nx Console is an editor extension that enriches your developer experience. It lets you run tasks, generate code, and improves code autocompletion in your IDE. It is available for VSCode and IntelliJ.

[Install Nx Console &raquo;](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Useful links

Learn more:

- [Learn more about this workspace setup](https://nx.dev/nx-api/js?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Learn about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Releasing Packages with Nx release](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [What are Nx plugins?](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

And join the Nx community:
- [Discord](https://go.nx.dev/community)
- [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nrwl)
- [Our Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Our blog](https://nx.dev/blog?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

Commit message:

chore: update pnpm workspace configuration and add TypeScript references
- Changed package path in pnpm-workspace.yaml from "packages/*" to "apps/*".
- Added references for "infrageni-e2e" and "infrageni" apps in tsconfig.json.
- Created a new vitest.workspace.ts file for Vitest configuration.

README.md, after:

# Infrageni

**Product Vision:** InfraGeni empowers developers, architects, and learners to visually design, understand, and provision cloud infrastructure with unprecedented ease and intelligence, bridging the gap between concept and code across multiple cloud providers.

**Core Principles & Unique Selling Proposition (USP):**

- **Visual-First Design:** Intuitive drag-and-drop interface for rapid system architecture creation.
- **Multi-Cloud Agnostic:** Seamlessly toggle between major cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP initially) to design, compare, and understand provider-specific components.
- **Intelligent Automation (AI-Powered):** AI assists in optimizing designs, generating accurate Infrastructure as Code, and actively teaching systems design principles.
- **Learning & Development Focus:** Not just a design tool, but an educational platform for all levels of expertise.
- **Production-Ready Output:** Generate high-quality, deployable IaC files directly from visual designs.

**Key Things to Always Keep in Mind (Guiding Principles):**

1. **Cloud Provider Toggle (CORE):** The ability to switch between AWS, Azure, GCP (and future providers) _at any point_ in the design process is paramount. This should influence component selection, IaC generation, and AI recommendations.
2. **AI as an Intelligent Partner:** AI should be helpful, not intrusive. It should offer suggestions, validate designs, and teach, always with clear explanations and the user in control.
3. **Accuracy and Reliability:** Generated IaC must be syntactically correct and semantically meaningful for the chosen cloud provider and IaC tool.
4. **User Experience is King:** The drag-and-drop interface must be fluid, responsive, and visually appealing. Complex functionality should be accessible without overwhelming the user.
5. **Extensibility and Future-Proofing:** Design the architecture to easily integrate new cloud services, IaC providers, and AI models as they emerge.
6. **Educational Value:** Every feature, especially the AI, should contribute to the user's understanding and skill development in systems design.

These targets are either [inferred automatically](https://nx.dev/concepts/inferred-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) or defined in the `project.json` or `package.json` files.

[More about running tasks in the docs &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/run-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Versioning and releasing

To version and release the library use

```
npx nx release
```

Pass `--dry-run` to see what would happen without actually releasing the library.

[Learn more about Nx release &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Keep TypeScript project references up to date

Nx automatically updates TypeScript [project references](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/project-references.html) in `tsconfig.json` files to ensure they remain accurate based on your project dependencies (`import` or `require` statements). This sync is automatically done when running tasks such as `build` or `typecheck`, which require updated references to function correctly.

To manually trigger the process to sync the project graph dependencies information to the TypeScript project references, run the following command:

```sh
npx nx sync
```

You can enforce that the TypeScript project references are always in the correct state when running in CI by adding a step to your CI job configuration that runs the following command:

```sh
npx nx sync:check
```

[Learn more about nx sync](https://nx.dev/reference/nx-commands#sync)

[Learn more about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx#ready-get-started-with-your-provider?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Install Nx Console

Nx Console is an editor extension that enriches your developer experience. It lets you run tasks, generate code, and improves code autocompletion in your IDE. It is available for VSCode and IntelliJ.

[Install Nx Console &raquo;](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Useful links

Learn more:

- [Learn more about this workspace setup](https://nx.dev/nx-api/js?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Learn about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Releasing Packages with Nx release](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [What are Nx plugins?](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

And join the Nx community:

- [Discord](https://go.nx.dev/community)
- [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nrwl)
- [Our Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Our blog](https://nx.dev/blog?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
